Updated the Readme (#3)
kubernetes-sigs/contributor-katacoda: README.md

# contributor-katacoda

> Welcome to Contribuotr Katacoda!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to Contributor Katacoda!
```

Reviewer 2: @Debanitrkl I would suggest putting the entire content in something like [Grammarly](https://www.grammarly.com/) once to easily catch all such errors :)

> This repository hosts katacoda scenarios for upstream contributors, it aims to help contributors starting up with upstream kubernetes to try their hand at making a patch and testing it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository hosts Katacoda scenarios for aspiring contributors and aims to familiarize them with the process of contributing to Kubernetes.
```
Not sure if we're including testing of a custom patch made to the code base.
I think "upstream" here is implicit and need not be mentioned explicitly.

Reviewer 3: Also "upstream" is not universally understood language.

This project is currently owned and maintained by the [SIG Contribex Mentoring Subproject](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/mentoring)

## Contribute

> We are always looking for people to help us improve the katacoda scenario with more use cases. Look at our [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started.

Reviewer 2: nit
```suggestion
We are always looking for people to help us improve these katacoda scenarios with more use cases. Look at our [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started.
```

> Please feel free to join our [weekly meetings](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-contributor-experience#mentoring) or reach out to the maintainers of this project.

Reviewer: I think this meeting is now cancelled and merged with the biweekly contribex meeting

Author: Just cancelled for this year, although I'm not sure yet about this

Reviewer 3: We'll probably be resuming meetings in the new year, somehow.  Just not on the current schedule.

> Please feel free to join our [weekly meetings](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-contributor-experience#mentoring) or reach out to the maintainers of this project.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Please feel free to join our [weekly meetings](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-contributor-experience#mentoring) or reach out to the maintainers of this project in the SIG-Contribex channel on [kubernetes slack](slack.k8s.io).
```

> ## Community, discussion, and support

Reviewer 2: Should we go with [Title Casing](https://titlecaseconverter.com/) for consistency?

```suggestion
## Community, Discussion, and Support
```

- [Slack](http://slack.k8s.io/)
- [Mailing List](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/kubernetes-dev)

## Note
 

> This repository will only host basic tutorials for upstream contributors, any end-user related tutorials/courses is out of the purview of this repsoiory and some of them are already hosted [here](https://www.katacoda.com/courses/kubernetes) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository will only host basic tutorials for contributors to familiarize themselves with the contribution process. Any end-user related tutorials/courses is out of the purview of this repository. End-user related scenarios may be found [here](https://www.katacoda.com/courses/kubernetes).
```

Reviewer 2: +1 to Madhav's suggestion and maybe also remove this line:

```
Any end-user related tutorials/courses is out of the purview of this repository.
```

Since the line after that conveys the same point.
